Intruder alert.
All units respond.
And we are done.
What do you think?
Think Nora's gonna like it?
Well. you can ask her
yourself in seven months.
I know. I know.
I'm jumping the gun.
I just--I can't wait
to be a dad.
Is that why there's a freezer
full of cookie dough ice cream?
That's Nora's favorite.
- Yeah. when she's 23.
- Yeah.
Ooh. you know what I could
go for right now
is some of that--
Vanilla bean
from that organic dairy farm
in Coast City?
Yes.
- Yeah.
Actually. that reminds me...
for you.
No way.
Iris. this is
in mint condition.
How did you find this?
I've been looking for a copy
ever since I lost my dad's
as a kid.
Enjoy.
I mean. I can't believe
you did this.
I mentioned it once
six months ago.
And that's how we do. boo.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
I gotta go.
I scheduled a mold inspection
so it was safe to bring Nora
to work with us.
But is having a stranger
wandering around S.T.A.R. Labs
a good idea?
I mean.
the Starchives are sealed.
and I had Chester
and Khione store
all the other Team Flash stuff
in the Time Vault.
Well. just make sure
you bring me
some of Cecile's
leftover casserole.
Done deal.
See you in a few hours.
All right.
Trust me.
I know Carla Tannhauser.
You have nothing
to worry about.
But I don't know her.
Don't get me wrong. I'm touched
that she wants to meet me.
but I'm not her daughter.
Well. neither was Frost.
and Carla loved her
the same as she loved Caitlin.
She probably just wants
to get to know you better.
What if I say something wrong
and then things get awkward?
She might walk out...
like Mark did.
Look. Khione. I know how much
it must have hurt
having Mark walk out on you.
and I don't know how things
are gonna go with Carla.
Just go and have coffee.
See what happens.
I just got an alert
that the mold inspector
checked in with security.
Great.
You sure you don't want us
to stick around?
No. it's your day off. Relax.
I'm the Flash.
I'm pretty sure I can handle
one mold inspector.
- Mr. Allen. I take it?
- Yes.
Are you all here to find mold?
Negative. broseph.
Mold's my turf.
But when you hit me up...
It alerted Code Enforcement.
This lab's operating permits
haven't been renewed
since your infamous
particle accelerator exploded.
- Oh.
- That's why we'll be
conducting a full
DOE inspection today.
Okay.
What are you looking for
besides mold?
I'll be measuring
and studying any device energy
or matter that emits
ionized radiation or particles.
It looks like you have
a lot of that around here.
- Yeah. well--
- And I'm here to check out
all of your electrical.
Sure--yeah. I guess
let's get started. then.
Oh. hi...
- Hi.
- Everybody.
Ooh. That smells delicious.
I'm sorry. and you are?
Hungry.
And you are?
Inspector Howard.
this is my wife.
Iris West-Allen.
She's here.
- Fantastic.
Can we start now?
Sure.
You know what.
just straight down this hall
to the Speed Lab.
two lefts and a right.
I'll be with you in a minute.
- Thank you.
My bad.
I thought you were
resting at home.
Oh. um. yeah.
I just--I couldn't wait
for my casserole.
- Ah.
- Yeah.
So what's up
with the City Hall gang?
Apparently.
a mold inspection triggers
every other
city inspection too.
which is way more prying eyes
than I expected.
Let me help.
No. look. I know people
like this chief guy.
and he's just itching
for a reason to shut us down.
I can tell.
You sure you don't mind?
I mean--
Handling bureaucratic
jackassery is. like. my thing.
- Okay.
- We got this.
Mr. Allen.
Inspector. sir.
Oh!
Whoa. whoo!
Oh.
No mold up there. man.
- Could've told him that.
- Great.
- Whoo!
- Is this ramp used
for declivity
or purely entertainment?
Oh...
- Both?
- Both.
So your thing with
the electrical stuff in it?
Thing with all the elec--
uh. the breaker box?
Right. the breaker box.
Breaker--it's in the--
What's a Speed Lab for. anyway?
Oh. well--
You know. it's crazy
'cause we--
as big as this place is.
we actually really don't spend
a lot of time in here. right?
- Hardly ever.
So I feel like
we should just move on.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Fine.
- Yeah?
- Let's go. folks.
Let's go. folks.
Electrician's unusual.
Yeah. if you ask me.
they all seem like
characters from a sitcom.
"Inspectors."
coming this fall.
Okay. breaker box is
just right over here.
We just left this room.
What are you trying to pull?
We...
we must have
taken a wrong turn.
In your own facility?
Okay. this is super trippy.
Not sure I would have
phrased it that way.
but I concur.
Allen. I hate shenanigans.
If this is
some kind of a joke--
Joke? No. No.
Barry's not even a funny guy.
like. at all.
I mean. this stuff happens
all the time. right?
I mean. this place is so big.
we get lost in here.
what. once. twice a day?
Yeah. or every
couple of hours.
Every couple of hours.
- It's a real labyrinth.
So...
Yeah. it's just here.
- Yes.
- Sorry. Excuse me.
I'll just squeeze
right by you.
Here we go. Yeah.
Okay. so sorry about that.
Here we go. Just--
You've gotta be kidding me.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
All right. what in
the H-E-double hockey sticks
is going on here?
Honestly. no idea.
Don't look at me.
Don't know.
Whoa. was that there before?
No.
I have excellent
spatial retention.
I can say with near certainty
that grandfather clock was
not here before.
Barry.
how did a grandfather clock
get into the Speed Lab?
I don't know.
And why can't we get
out of this room?
I don't know.
This would fetch a lot
at the "Antiques Roadshow."
It's from the 19th century. only...
it looks like
it was built yesterday.
I don't know
why you're playing a prank.
but I know how.
Clearly there are
two identical labs
in this immediate vicinity.
You got us.
- Ha!
- That's right.
You know what.
can we just have a second?
- Mm-hmm.
- We'll be right back. Okay.
- Mm.
Barry.
- Hmm?
What the hell's going on?
And what's up
with the rando antique?
I don't know. I don't know.
I'm trying to call the team.
I can't get a signal.
It's like we're cut off
from the rest of the world.
Okay. first a time loop.
and then Mia and I are
stuck in a dream. and now this?
Maybe it's
some kind of illusion.
I mean. there's at least
a dozen metas that have
the ability to create one
this powerful.
Except. I don't know.
this doesn't feel
like an attack or an illusion.
I know.
Okay. but don't worry.
We're gonna find a way out.
It's what we do.
Can we hurry.
because our future speedster
needs a snack.
- That's it?
- What?
That's it. That's it.
I'll run to the future.
I can find out how we escaped.
- No.
And then I can run back
and fix it.
No. Barry. I don't know.
I think we should
think this through
and weigh our options
before you start
zooming through time.
Iris. it's not just about us.
It's about Nora now too.
Whatever's happening
has just started.
but it's gonna escalate fast.
It always does.
That's why my gut is telling me
those people in there are
in real danger.
Isn't yours telling you
the same thing?
Fine.
Just make sure you bring me
back a decent snack
from the future.
- Okay.
Something with pistachios.
♪ You got a Z ♪
♪ We got an A ♪
♪ And what else.
'cause za's not a word ♪
Yeah. it is. Za. like pizza.
Pizza. pizza. pizza!
- Girl. you did not just echo.
- I echoed.
- You are my favorite human.
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
But za is not a word.
Why would you say za
instead of pizza?
Pizza just feels good
when you say "pizza."
What's wrong?
You know when I went all nova
at O'Shaughnessy's
a couple weeks ago?
Of course I do.
You were so badass.
Thanks.
Well. now social media
is buzzing
with descriptions
of a new light meta.
descriptions that sound
exactly like me.
Chuck. what if
everyone finds out?
I mean. well. then you'll be
the new celebrity superhero.
I mean. that could be fun.
Think about it.
The mayor would probably invite
you to some fancy parties.
You get to hobnob
with the in crowd.
I don't wanna hobnob
with anyone but you.
I like hobnobbing
with you too.
I mean. hey. look.
let's be real.
You are the most incredible
person I've ever met.
And I have no idea how I got
so lucky as to end up
with someone who's so far
out of my league.
but I'm not even gonna ask
that question
'cause all I know
is that I love you
and you mean the world to... me.
I didn't mean that.
No. I definitely did mean it.
I love you a lot.
And I don't know
why I said it again.
What is wrong with me?
I need to stop talking.
Okay. now you talk.
I--
Oh. hey. guys.
Look at you two lovebirds.
You are just
the cutest thing ever.
Okay. don't mind me.
I am not looking.
I see nothing.
I'm going upstairs.
No. no. no. no. don't.
Stay. Join us.
With three of us. we can play
"Settlers of Catan."
But what about
our "Scrabble" game?
Let's be real.
You were letting me win.
Za's probably not a word.
Do the settlers come
with wine.
'cause I like wine.
- Yes.
- Yay.
Wine. I'll get us wine.
Yay.
Are you guys okay?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
Where's Mr. Allen?
The bathroom.
He's gonna be a while.
Quite a while.
What's that sound?
Uh. I'm starving.
Is anybody else hungry?
I'm buying.
Dude. what was that?
Uh. another prank!
Gotcha.
Okay. I've had enough.
Johnson. you can come out now!
- Who's Johnson?
- Your accomplice.
Johnson from division.
He called ahead. didn't he?
That little...
- Yeah.
- Prankster.
I'm on to you. Johnson!
Okay. this is bad.
- "Star Wars"?
- Oh. I'll say.
You think you're so funny
to mock the guy
who likes sci-fi. huh?
I'll tell you something
that's funny. okay?
S.T.A.R. Labs is getting
an F minus
for how funny you are!
Sir. we have
a larger problem.
Why can't I just go home
and feed my parakeets?
Okay. this is seriously
freaking me out.
Are we in danger?
Um...
Johnson isn't behind this.
Is he?
No. he's not.
How do you know.
and why should we trust you?
Because I'm the Flash.
And whatever's going on here.
it's definitely not good.
Okay. that makes sense.
You know what?
Oh!
Dude. you really are
the Flash.
I've never met
a superhero before.
I know that we're
in a situation here.
but if we get out of this.
I would love to study
some of your
quantum biochemistry sometime.
If we get out?
No. Are we gonna die?
Oh. man. No.
- Hey. nobody is gonna die.
- No.
No. we just need to figure out
why these objects keep
showing up.
I have a theory about that.
Imagine this is all space-time.
Normally. it flows
and stretches like this.
We move from one room.
one moment to the next.
but we can't do that.
We're stuck.
Because space and time
for us has lost elasticity.
It's like some kind
of gravitational force
is creating a zone
that we can't escape from
and pulling objects
out of time too.
It's called a time magnet.
I really like
science fiction. so...
When I was doing research
for the map book.
I found out
that 100 years from now.
a weapons vault would be
right here.
Let me guess:
one of those weapons
will be a time magnet.
Why is it here now
and not in the future?
Unknown. but in order
to prevent the temporal anomaly
that we're stuck in
from happening.
this future weapons vault
would have paired
the time magnet
with some kind of stabilizer.
So whoever brought
the magnet with them
from the past forgot to bring
the stabilizer with them?
Maybe they were in a hurry.
Why would they be in a hurry?
Because they were
stealing it.
Think about it.
it could be a thief.
a time thief trying to escape
their past to get away.
Now hold on.
We haven't seen
anybody come through here
except for the people
in this room.
You're right.
So that means that somebody
in this room is a...
thief.
Let's not jump
to conclusions.
Jane. is there any way
to find out
if someone is from
a different time?
Theoretically.
a time traveler might
give off excess radiation.
and we have
a radiation scanner.
Okay.
Well. let's test that theory.
Well. I guess I can't go.
which means it's your turn. Allegra.
and by the looks of it.
you have
enough lumber and brick
to build two roads.
Which means you have
the longest road.
Which means I win. I think.
- Mm.
- Oh! Yay.
You know.
the thing about roads is.
when you go down a road.
you can always come back.
You just turn around
and go back
to where you started...
or where we started.
You know.
I have some legal briefs
upstairs that I need
to work on.
so I'm just gonna
mosey on upstairs--
No. don't.
Best two out of three.
Right?
It's okay. Allegra.
I'll just--I'll just go.
Okay.
now that Chester's gone.
you wanna tell me
what happened?
]
Hmm.
Clear.
You seem to know
a lot about this. Jane.
Maybe you're the time thief.
I am the only one
in this room
with the mathematical expertise.
I suppose it is possible
that time travel induces
temporary amnesia
such that I could be
the time thief
without remembering.
You're clear too. Jane.
Clear.
Wow.
Look. I'm not
some kind of time traveler.
This is a ruse.
a distraction to cover
for your broken facility!
And when I get out of here.
I am report--
What is it?
Howard. what is it?
Oh. God.
He's a statue.
We're all gonna be statues.
He's not a statue.
He's dead.
- De--
Scattered through time
and space in a collection
of free-floating
subatomic particles.
So he was erased
and replaced with a statue?
It's the law
of conservation of matter.
If we don't all get out
of here soon. we're next.
Okay. I'm freaking out. man.
This is--this is way too heavy.
Everybody stay calm.
Flash. you gotta save us.
I don't wanna become a creepy
nude dude made of stone.
Poor Chief Howard.
What could have caused that
to happen?
She did it.
Mrs. Flash?
Seriously?
- Me?
I didn't even get
a chance to scan him.
Why should we believe you?
Maybe the scanner did something
you're not aware of.
She's right.
I need to run
through some more equations.
I think better when I'm running
through the variables.
- Be my guest.
- Why did I come to work today?
I could have stayed home.
watched some cartoons.
Look. we both know
you didn't cause
whatever happened to Howard.
which means it has to be
something else.
something we haven't seen yet.
Okay. well. we need to figure
out what that is and fast.
Otherwise--
- I know.
Bad taste in clothing will be
the least of our concerns.
Okay. I'm all ears.
Chester told me he loves me.
What? I knew it!
You guys have been making
the "I'm about to say it" eyes
at each other for so long.
and you finally did it.
Am I confused?
Do you not feel
the same way about him?
I love him so much it hurts.
Aww! Then what's the problem?
He loves you. You love him.
Just say it back
and get to the good stuff.
Cecile. you know what happens
to people that I love.
They leave or worse.
like Nash and Esperanza.
Allegra. I can't even imagine
how tough that was
for you to go through.
but Chester.
if he loves you.
he's not gonna leave.
It's the same thing
my dad said
right before he bailed
on me and my mom.
and she said it too.
right before she kicked me
out of the house.
I'm sorry.
I don't want to care
for someone like that
and then have them leave.
not again.
I don't think
I could handle it.
I understand.
- Really?
- Yeah. really.
One failed marriage over here.
thank you very much.
You never talk about it.
Because it sucked.
But. Allegra. you are not
gonna lose Chester.
and besides.
God forbid you guys break up.
that's. like.
way in the future.
See? It could happen.
It could happen.
You could also get married.
Don't freak out!
My point is.
right now. in this moment.
you are falling in love.
Everything that
you're worried about.
that's way off in the future.
This moment is magical.
so why don't you just be in it?
Give it everything you've got
and enjoy every second of it.
because if there's one thing
that I know.
it's that
what you and Chester have.
it is something special.
I don't get it.
There's no pattern
to anything that's happening.
Except for the fact
that we're about to be
erased from time along with
two more innocent lives.
Oh. my God.
I'm sorry.
I never should have tried
to open the Speed Force tunnel.
No. Barry. I'm sorry.
My thief detection plan got
Chief Inspector Howard atomized.
Iris. running to the future.
again. when it never works--
I should know that by now.
but it doesn't stop me
from building a crib
seven months in advance.
Well. it's not like
I'm any better.
Barry. I think I'm in denial
about how different
things are becoming.
and... I don't know.
I think I'm worried
that I'm not gonna be able
to do the things
that I used to.
Iris. just 'cause you might
have to slow down a bit
for your pregnancy.
it doesn't mean
you're never gonna get to do
the things you love again.
Yeah. I know. but. Barry.
it's like
everything is changing.
and I can't stop it.
Like my body.
Barry. I can feel it changing.
And I'm tired
all the time now too.
and I just wanna eat
everything in sight
and I have a pregnancy brain.
and it's like where you just--
you talk about things
that you said.
and then the next second
you don't even remember
what you've said.
I'm sorry.
I can only imagine
how tough it is.
Baby. I don't want you
to think
that I regret getting pregnant.
It's just...
sometimes I wish I could
go back to my old self.
What?
It's like
I'm stuck in the past.
and you're racing
to the future.
And now I just want
some cookie dough ice cream.
I think you mean
vanilla bean.
Yeah. See? Pregnancy brain.
It's okay.
I'm sorry.
You're not the only one
that's been getting things
mixed up.
What does that mean?
I know who our time thief is.
Okay. look. we're really
sorry that this is happening.
but we both promise you that
we will get you out of here.
Thanks. Mrs. Flash.
So. look.
Iris and I discussed it.
and we think we know
what might be
causing all this to happen.
Really?
Yeah. the Speed Lab is
where I carry out experiments
as the Flash. so it's possible
this room is flooded
with temporal particles.
What does that
have to do with anything?
I'm glad you asked that.
Temporal particles can
become volatile
when exposed
to electrical fields.
- They can?
- Yes.
And since we haven't had
this facility
inspected in nine years.
the wiring
throughout S.T.A.R. Labs
is probably faulty.
including the check valves.
We're glad that you're here.
Inspector Tao.
Could you check those
for us. please?
Yeah. those valves
could be reacting
with random electrical fields.
causing time anomalies.
- Makes sense to me.
- Hold on a minute--
Inspector.
where do you wanna start?
Well. first.
I'll check the wires.
Which ones?
The... red ones.
Then I'll...
Call a plumber.
since check valves guide
water flow. not electricity.
Which you would know
if you were
a real electrical inspector.
You're the time thief.
Prove it.
You didn't know
what a breaker box was.
So your thing with
the electrical stuff in it?
Uh. the breaker box?
Right. um. the breaker box.
- No. no. wait!
- Uh-uh.
We're running out
of time. Flash.
Now help me get
the hell out of here.
or Mrs. Flash gets it next.
Who are you?
Lady Chronos.
The greatest thief
time has ever known.
You know what's happening.
don't you?
We're being erased by time
because of this.
Nice try.
This time magnet has
an identity matrix.
which I reset to my biometrics.
Anyone tries to take it
from me. they go boom.
Yeah.
Now get me out of here
before we all die.
Why don't you just get rid
of the time magnet?
Uh-uh.
This baby is
my retirement score.
With it. I can just relax
on the beach in the Caribbean.
Then when I decide I wanna
steal the Mona Lisa.
all I have to do
is activate this.
and the magnet will
bring it to me instantly.
If you just wanna leave.
why'd you kill Howard
and the others?
I didn't.
The time magnet did.
When I helped Howard up earlier
and he handed me his hat.
he unknowingly brushed
against the magnet
while it was cloaked.
Then 20 minutes later. poof.
You see. the time magnet
is attracting
temporal displacement
particles--
Causing everything
to transmogrify.
Yup.
That's why
when Howard disappeared.
I knew I could use
the magnet as a weapon.
So what's your plan
to get me out of here?
I already tried
to use my speed.
I can't even get myself out.
let alone someone else.
Why don't you just tell us
how you got stuck here
in the first place.
and maybe we can find
a way out of here together?
You probably know
this lab becomes
a Flash museum in the future.
It's defenses
are impenetrable.
But I almost beat them
before security boxed me in.
Then I noticed the lab's
last major inspection
before becoming a museum was
dated today. April 5. 2023.
Fortunately. my chrono-belt
allows me to jump through time
to a single location.
So I used it to travel
back here to the past.
Then all I had to do
was sneak in here
posing as an inspector.
Let's go. folks.
Then I simply traveled back
to 2123.
only this time appearing
inside the weapons vault.
Then I snatched
the time magnet
and came back here
before anyone could
notice I was gone.
After that. I just had
to walk out of here.
but I couldn't.
You were right. Flash.
The magnet's so powerful.
it's attracting objects
throughout time.
trapping us here
in the process.
So what's the solution. speedy?
If your chrono-belt can
transport you through time.
why not just go to 2123.
put the magnet back?
I can't.
My belt lost its charge
after I liberated--
- Stole.
- Permanently borrowed
the time magnet.
The magnet must have
affected it too.
Then let's destroy
the magnet.
Do that and we all get
reduced to subatomic sludge.
If we can't destroy it.
then we need to rejoin
the time magnet
with its stabilizing agent.
Uh-uh. like I said.
parting with my retirement fund
is not an option.
How long do we have
before we all get erased?
I don't know.
but it's gotta be soon.
Unless you have
a rapid rate kinetic generator
hiding somewhere in here.
I can't recharge my belt.
We've got me.
If you wanna survive.
I'm your only choice.
Working with the Flash.
I can't believe this.
Wait.
How do we know
that we can trust you?
I've had the most direct
contact with the magnet.
so my mask can't
protect me much longer.
If I don't restabilize
this thing.
I'll be the first to go.
The second I return this.
I'll be arrested.
At least you'll be alive.
How will we know putting
the time magnet back worked?
She did it.
Time's reset itself.
What about Howard
and the others?
We're right behind you.
Inspector Howard.
You're okay?
No.
Ah. he will be
once the inspection's done.
Exactly.
So first thing. why do you
call this room the Speed Lab?
Why do we call this room
the Speed Lab?
We just really love
the Flash.
Yes.
Yup. he is a really...
- Handsome.
- Nice. handsome guy.
Wouldn't know.
Never met him.
Well...
Okay. people.
you know the drill.
All right. people.
Let's get started.
- Handsome?
- I mean. yeah.
And so you guys have been
stuck in the Speed Lab all day?
Yeah. until the timeline
reset itself
and Howard and all the other
inspectors walked in
like nothing had happened.
And they didn't
remember a thing?
No. they just went back
to their jobs.
So now S.T.A.R. Labs is
officially mold-free.
And one of the safest nuclear
facilities in the world.
Although
I could have told you
you don't have a mold problem.
How?
I don't know. I just can.
Well. we're just glad
we passed the inspection
after everything
that's happened here
in the last nine years.
Let's just say
we were a little concerned.
- Yeah.
- And what about Lady Chronos?
Any chance she got away?
Guess we'll find out
in 100 years.
Hey. how did it go
with you and Carla?
Turns out
she does not want me
to replace her daughters
Caitlin or Frost.
She just wanted
to get to know me as a friend.
and she seems very wise.
You know. as someone who's only
about eight weeks old.
I really could use
a strong female mentor...
and dinner.
Iris. I know you're starving.
How do you--
actually. you know what?
It's already super freaky.
Never mind.
How about we get
dinner for three at Helena's?
- Cheese fries?
- Yeah.
Yes. please.
Sounds amazing.
Do I like cheese fries?
I don't know.
We'll find out.
Hey. Chuck.
Oh. you can't even look at me.
I guess I deserve that.
But I have something
I have to tell you.
Just don't.
I know I messed up. okay?
Big time.
What I said to you earlier.
I was way out of line.
and it was so not fair to you.
Chuck--
I moved way too fast.
and I get why you freaked out.
Anybody would.
- Chuck--
So now you wanna call
the whole thing off. which I--
Chuck. you didn't
mess this up.
I did.
I've been in a lot
of bad relationships.
so it's hard
for me to accept a good one
when it comes along.
Well. not good. Great.
"Great relationship"
as in us?
When you said "I love you."
the first thing I thought was.
"What if this doesn't work out
or what if I screw it up
and I lose him."
but that's my baggage.
not yours.
You were worried
about losing me?
Chuck. you're one
of the best things
that's ever happened to me.
and I don't wanna
push you away.
So I guess what I'm trying
to say is...
I love you too.
You do?
Yeah. I just--
I hope I'm not too late.
No.
No. no. definitely not.
Do you wanna go
back to my place?
I do.
I--I definitely do.
but you should know
that I was very sad.
and so I drank.
like. seven Vibe-accinos.
you know.
which means I'll probably be
wide awake for the next.
you know. 10 to 12 hours.
give or take.
Well. good thing we know how
to work off all that energy.
Sorry about that.
Yeah. sounds great.
How could I still be
hungry for dessert?
Do you need help?
I could help you out.
Get your own. pal.
I will.
Just so you know. you now have
a freezer full
of your favorite ice cream.
- Best husband ever.
- Yeah.
Thanks. boo.
So when do you think
Nora develops
her cookie dough craving?
No idea.
But I think I'll wait.
Let her tell us
when she gets here.
Till then.
let's just spend each day
doing what we want to do
in the moment.
To vanilla bean.
And our little bean.
'cause when she gets here.
we're gonna be
on her timetable for...
Ever.
Forever.
Sounds good to me.
Me too.
Greg. move your head.